[ Monitor beeping ]
Meredith:
There's a saying we hear
a lot around hospitals...
that goes like this --
"Pain is inevitable.
Suffering is optional."
It didn't work.
But I doubt the person
who coined it
ever went through
major surgery.
[ Sobbing ]
It didn't work.
[ Glass shattering ]
Or maybe they didn't mean
physical pain.
Maybe they meant
the other kind --
the worse kind.
[ Glass shattering ]
Is Meredith in there?
Yes.
[ Glass shattering ]
I'm gonna go
talk to her.
Uh...
Not a good idea, all right?
Okay, right now she looks
and sounds just like her mother.
Okay? I mean,
best we just lay low,
let her work this out
herself.
Believe me. I had to
learn it the hard way.
-With Ellis?
-Both of them.
[ Glass shattering ]
I think we should go in.
Maybe they meant the kind
of searing, seething,
boiling pain that tells you
you're a failure and a fraud.
[ Clattering ]
Well, I hope you don't
want any coffee, 'cause
I broke all the mugs.
"Suffering is optional."
That person didn't know what
the...they were talking about.
[ Arguing in Italian ]
Excuse me. Scusi!
Sorry. That's the only word
I know in Italian.
Um, why are we
speaking Italian?
He's my stupid
little brother.
[ Both speaking Italian ]
[ Sighs ]
Um...hi.
Uh, excuse me.
I'm still here!
I-I still
don't speak Italian.
You know what?
Have fun.
I'm gonna sleep
at the hospital.
Wha-- Ugh!
[ Door opens and closes ]
Agh!
He's such a baby boy!
Trying to pretend
like sex doesn't exist
just because
he isn't having any.
Andrew's Italian?
Andrea is
his given name.
Huh.
Where were we?
I think --
I'm pretty sure
that you were about to
take off your shirt.
I think so, too.
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
[ Snoring ]
[ Groans softly ]
♪♪
[ Lens shatters ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Glass crinkling ]
♪♪
[ Softly ]
Oh, my God.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
I'm sorry for Megan.
But?
But I'm so glad
she doesn't have to go
back to Iraq right away.
Is that awful?
Am I awful?
Yeah. [ Laughs ]
-Pretty awful.
-[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
You ready? Tuck's
gonna late if we don't --
I don't want to.
You don't want to ride
with me?
I don't want to stuff my feet
into these shoes.
You know, when Webber
became chief,
he did not have to toddle around
on sticks all day.
When Hunt became chief,
he did not have to
squeeze five toes
into a space
built for two.
But I become chief
and I can't wear
my perfectly comfortable
surgical clogs anymore.
And you know why?
-Society?
-S-- Society.
[ Sighs ]
Um...
I'm comin'!
Okay. [ Clears throat ]
[ Birds chirping ]
You sent the kids to school
and went back to bed?
-Don't judge me.
-Don't judge her.
I'm not. Look.
She'll heal, right?
Eventually,
the wound will close.
It'll close.
Yeah, it'll be ugly
and painful.
Probably worse
than it was before.
And it'll take months to heal.
She won't be able to travel.
But it will close.
You'll use mesh, and it'll
take time, but it will close.
And now she has a functioning
bowel, which she ---
-Stop!
-You mad at yourself?
Think you were
wrong to try?
Yeah, I'm mad at myself.
I was overconfident.
And I'm also mad
at medicine.
Fair enough, but don't
take it out on the wall.
Well, you did a terrible job
patching it.
You can see
the whole entire outline.
All right, well,
just stop picking at it
before we have to replace
the whole damn thing.
Alex.
Hmm?
That's it.
That's it!
[ Door closes ]
-Meredith?
-Not till everyone gets here.
Till --
Okay, who's everyone?
I got your text.
Dr. Altman.
An abdominal-wall
transplant.
[ Beeping ]
I want to do an abdominal-wall
transplant on Megan Hunt.
I want to harvest the skin,
the musculature,
and the fascia
from a donor.
This surgery has been
done three times before,
twice successfully.
But they were done
with a simultaneous
small-bowel transplant.
So this is easier because we've
already repaired her bowel.
And I would use a bone graft
to limit our risk of rejection.
I mean, we keep trying
to fix this thing,
and the more we try to fix it,
the worse it gets.
So why do we keep
trying to fix it?
Let's just replace it.
All right, well,
what do you need from us?
Well, I need your approval,
and I need you to back me up
in case she doesn't
give me her approval.
And I need you here
as Megan Hunt's advocate.
I know you think I overstepped
by taking on this case.
But I am able to separate the
personal and the professional.
And if we do this,
I want you to scrub in.
I don't want anyone
questioning my motives
from this point forward.
So if we're gonna do this,
if we're gonna pull this off,
I need everybody on board.
♪♪
Jackson:
Hey, you left early.
-Yeah, busy day.
-Yeah, well, Maggie said a thing
about a thing you
apparently said to Maggie?
Hey, you know what?
My day is full.
Can you take her
to daycare?
-Ah. Hey.
-Okay. Bye.
Uh --
Well, do you think
that Mommy's avoiding me?
I think Mommy's definitely
avoiding Daddy, don't you?
[ Cellphone clicking ]
[ Breathlessly ]
Um, I did a thing.
A stupid thing.
And I know that you don't want
to be my new Stephanie,
but until I find
a new Stephanie, you're it.
You're who
I've got to talk to.
And I need you to tell me
exactly how to fix
this incredibly
stupid thing!
W-W-W-What the hell
did you do?
Levi:
Hey. There. Hi.
That. I did that.
[ Whispering ]
You left your I.D.,
which I figured
you probably need.
My mom found it,
which was...awkward.
That was
your mom's house?
Livin' at home,
you know.
'Cause costs are high.
So, anyway...
see you later,
hopefully.
♪♪
You slept with him?
No. No.
I did not sleep.
I had sex with him,
and then I left!
Alex:
You slept with Glasses?
♪♪
[ Laughs ]
Oh, God.
[ Laughing ] Oh, wow!
I mean, that's just --
That's -- Wow.
[ Laughing ]
I want to laugh, too,
but I'm trying so hard
to be polite.
What would
Stephanie do?
This is a donor abdomen?
Yes, we would use
the abdominal skin,
the musculature,
the fascia
the same way we would
from a donor kidney.
This is groundbreaking.
You know we see a lot of
soldiers with Megan's injury.
If she can pull this off,
it can change a lot of lives.
If it works,
I'll have full function?
-Motor and sensory?
-Yes.
And the recovery?
Should be a few weeks,
not a few months.
-But what if it doesn't work?
-Mom!
I don't like this,
Megan.
-I don't like it, either.
-No one asked you.
Megan,
they're just worried.
No, they just want me
stuck here.
Because they just
got you back!
-They're scared.
-Yeah, well, so am I!
You know what else I am?
In pain.
[ Monitor beeping ]
I make a lot of jokes, and
I'm addicted to silver linings
because jokes and silver linings
kept me alive.
But...
I was a hostage.
And now, without this,
I'm a hostage again.
To this bed. To this wound.
And she has a plan
to set me free.
And just to be clear,
I don't have to be
the one who does this.
If you feel more comfortable
with Dr. Bailey or Dr. Webber,
that's completely fine
with me.
You are my surgeon,
Dr. Grey.
Just...promise me that you'll
find me a killer set of abs.
I'm gonna need your Sub-I's
to help me find that donor.
Uh, I can all but assure you
they'll screw up,
but you can try.
You think I can do this?
Yes.
I think you can do this.
♪♪
♪ Tell me something
I don't know ♪
That 180 from
the depths of despair
to the
revolutionary solution?
That's impressive.
Yep.
That's pure Ellis, too.
♪ 'Cause I'm movin' on ♪
-Hi.
-Hey!
Uh, I mean...hello.
[ Clears throat ]
Uh, yeah. You know what?
I'm sorry. I got to, um...
Thank you.
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
Meredith: The patient is
a 36-year-old Caucasian woman
of Scottish descent,
so we're looking for skin
that's more peach than olive.
Is complexion important?
If you were gonna replace
a big chunk of your body
with a big chunk
of someone else's body,
wouldn't you want
the parts to match?
Shouldn't you
just call UNOS?
We've tried that. There are
no pending donors that match.
This is where
you come in.
We want you to scour ERs,
chase ambulances --
Isn't that
a little predatory?
Well, the woman whose
life I'm trying to save
is a military surgeon.
She's saved hundreds of
soldiers' lives. She's a hero.
So I'm okay with you
feeling a little predatory.
And whoever does
find this donor for me
gets to scrub in
on the surgery.
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
It's a good thing.
You want this.
[ Sub-I's murmuring ]
Go!
[ Chuckles ]
[ Woman on P.A.
speaking indistinctly ]
[ Telephone rings ]
Hey, hey. Andrew.
Or is it Andrea?
Andrew, please.
Why is your sister
talking to Bailey?
I don't know. She asked me
to introduce them, so I did.
Well...why?
I-I mean,
what does she do?
For a living.
What's she do for a living?
I see you two did a lot
of talking last night.
She's an OB-GYN.
Huh.
The male brain, in all its
facets and all its states,
has been studied
quite thoroughly,
but nobody has studied
this aspect
of the female anatomy
at all until now.
"This aspect,"
meaning...
The body and the brain,
before, during,
and after orgasm.
As with all
the other organs,
they study the male brain
and they expect
the female brain
to magically fit in
with their conclusions.
But as you and I know,
our bodies are quite different,
so any medications we might need
will also be different.
And your study is funded?
The drug companies
have finally realized
that there is money
to be made
in developing the equivalent
of a female Viagra.
My personal fascination
is with the role
sexual stimulation can play
in pain control for women.
But of course,
nobody will fund that study.
So this way,
two pigeons, one rock.
Uh...
Okay, I understand your
hesitation, Dr. Bailey. I-I do.
But when I heard
my brother was working
for a female
chief of surgery?
Ah, do you know
just how rare that is?
Look, let me just
get this right.
You want me to let you
have women masturbate
in my MRI machine
so that you can study their
brains while they orgasm?
Yes.
-In the interest of science?
-Yes.
[ Inhales sharply ]
♪♪
Done.
Well, the good news is you get
a fancy, new grown-up room
while they paint
the peds ward.
David: Is there really
nothing else we can give him?
I mean,
not even an aspirin?
He's maxed out
on opiates.
And just one aspirin will do
nothing for his pain,
but it'll thin his blood
and destroy his chances
of a successful surgery.
You understand?
W-What do I do?
I mean, this is...
Watching my kid in this
much pain, what do I do?
Well, he plays baseball, right?
So what do you tell him?
When it's the ninth inning
and his team is down
and the pressure's on,
you...you say,
"You can do it."
You say, "You got this."
David.
You got this.
♪♪
Jackson: No, no.
She cannot do the surgery.
I didn't ask for his opinion.
I asked for his help.
He said no. I moved on. And in
case anyone needs reminding,
I am the chief
of neurosurgery!
Good for you, but the
tumor's invading his jaw.
The difficult part of the
surgery is in his face,
not his brain.
You are not an ENT.
It is compressing
his trigeminal nerve.
It is causing
debilitating pain.
And just because
you are afraid of it
doesn't mean
I have to be!
Avery, if she feels
she has it in hand --
Oh, she doesn't. She -- She
does not have it in hand.
It's not your place to
decide that! It's hers!
Her patient,
her decision.
[ Knock on door ]
Sorry to interrupt.
Jackson, I'm doing a total
abdominal-wall transplant,
and I could really use
some help with the nerves
and the vascular
microanastomosis.
An abdominal-wall
transplant?
So you will get on board
with her groundbreaking surgery,
but not mine.
Oh, no, yours
is not groundbreaking.
Yours is
reckless endangerment.
[ Shoes clatter ]
Yes, sir, he's 10 years old.
He's a Syrian refugee.
But, General, if I may,
she was held hostage
for a decade,
and he is her son.
No, he wasn't
legally adopted but --
Is there any way to cut
through some of this red
tape a little faster?
No, not legally, but --
Well, then could you
recommend an attorney
who's better than you?!
Damn it!
-All right, thank you, sir.
-Yes, sir. I'll tell her.
[ Sighs ]
[ Beep ]
No.
[ Phone clatters ]
-This surgery could kill her.
-This surgery is her best shot.
Her best shot is to lay
in that bed and heal.
But she won't.
Megan won't.
She's not gonna lie there
for six months
with her kid over there,
and you know it.
She's going back to Iraq.
And if that wound
gets infected...
Owen, this surgery
is her best option.
♪♪
♪ Oh-oh, yeah ♪
This woman has been dead
three days.
Is that too long?
♪ Oh-oh, ah-ah ♪
Shotgun to the abdomen.
You don't see
a problem here?
You can't repair it?
♪ Better watch
every word on your lips ♪
♪ And, two, don't get too ahead
of yourself, not yet, three ♪
Did I mention
our patient is female?
Yes.
♪ And, number four,
stop asking for it ♪
♪ You get what you get ♪
♪ The birds got the trees,
and the bees got the honey ♪
♪ And your dog days,
they ain't gonna fly ♪
♪ My body, my rules ♪
♪ And tonight I'm kissing you ♪
My party, I choose
♪ Ooh, lucky, lucky you ♪
♪ I break 'em if I wanna ♪
♪ And tonight
I think I'm gonna ♪
Hello.
Do you need the MRI?
-No.
No. We just heard
about the, um...
My study?
Exactly. Yeah.
I'm Maggie Pierce.
I'm the head of
cardiothoracic surgery.
Maggie Pierce who used to
date my little brother?
-Uh, no, I don't think so.
-Uh, DeLuca.
-What?
-She's DeLuca's sister.
You're even more beautiful than
my stupid little brother said.
I am?! He is? He what?
What did he say?
Whoa! Orgasm!
That is the most active uptake
I have ever seen on an MRI.
It's bright.
I'm always looking
for volunteers
if any of you
have any free time.
No.
No, thank you.
[ Laughter ]
Cool study,
though!
♪ Tonight I'm kissing you ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
Jo boned a Sub-I.
Six -- What?
Yeah, more specifically,
the Sub-I whose glasses...
[ Gasps ] No.
Yes.
She did that
because you told her
about looking up
her husband?
No. I-I didn't tell her
about that.
Oh, well, she did it
because you're avoiding her
because you're too wimpy
to tell her
you looked up
her husband.
Maybe she just did it.
Maybe it doesn't have
anything to do with me.
[ Laughing ] Oh, please!
Jo is so hot.
She could sleep
with anyone she wants.
She chose Glasses? It has
everything to do with you.
When I slept with George, it had
everything to do with Derek.
I still can't believe
you did that.
Okay, we are way too old to
be having this conversation.
Okay, just -- just
tell me why you did it.
Because he was there.
Yeah,
that's not an answer.
Because he wasn't Alex.
Mm, still not quite
an answer.
Because I choose
bad guys, okay?
I choose...
really bad guys.
Violent guys.
In the past, I have chosen
guys who have hurt me.
What?
Like, physically?
Yeah.
If a guy hurts you
physically,
that has nothing to do with you
or who you choose.
That's not your fault.
And I just don't think
Karev is --
I saw him beat Andrew
to a pulp.
I didn't think he had that
in him, either,
and then I watched it.
I --
Well, you have your own
history of volatility.
It's self-defense.
It's different.
Hey, Jo?
I mean, Dr. Wilson.
-Dr. Jo Wilson.
-Yes?
You have a minute?
[ Sighing ] Yeah.
[ Chuckles ]
Levi: She's 35.
Motorcycle accident.
-Wasn't wearing a helmet.
-[ Scoffs ] Stupid.
Right.
So she's brain-dead.
But no injury
to the chest or abdomen.
Name is Shaugnessy,
which sounds pretty Scottish.
Or Irish?
Definitely pale.
I-I think she's
a pretty perfect match.
So what's the problem?
I don't know if it's appropriate
to approach a family
while their grief
is this fresh.
It's not
really appropriate
for you to
approach them at all.
Right. But, I-I mean,
I'd really love to scrub in
on that surgery, so --
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Wait.
If you find the donor,
you get to scrub in?
Page Dr. Grey.
I want to fix it, you know?
I want to turn back time.
I just want to get
everything right.
I want her
to not be captured.
I just want to fix everything.
And Meredith says she can.
Meredith says
she can fix her.
And all I am is terrified
that I'm gonna lose her again.
She doesn't need you
to turn back time, Nathan.
She just needs you
to be with her.
She needs to know that
you're all-in with her.
'Cause anything less than that,
anything in between,
is torture.
What do you got?
35-year-old female, fit,
Caucasian, brain dead.
Family have approved
the donation.
Whew! Do an
infectious-disease screen.
Congratulations, Wilson.
If this checks out,
you get to scrub in.
Thank you, Dr. Grey.
Great job.
Get me a coffee.
[ Woman sobbing ]
But she was mine. I found her.
I trusted you!
It means nothing to you
to scrub in on that surgery.
And after what happened
in my O.R.?
She won't even let you
near the table.
For me, this could be
a game-changer.
That's not an apology!
You owe me an apology!
No, she doesn't
owe you anything.
-Alex, don't.
-She's a senior resident.
You're not even a first year,
which makes you a zero year.
You're a zero that
dropped a foreign object
in the surgical field
of a 7-year-old.
You're only here
because Dr. Wilson
handled your screw-up
and covered your ass.
Got it?!
Yeah. I-I'm a zero.
Okay.
Thank you.
[ Chuckles ]
I'm sorry.
[ Laughing ]
It's -- It's funny.
[ Laughs ]
I can't believe you...
[ Laughing ]
I know! [ Sighs ]
We have to ta--
Hey, so, I had to go to
three different bakeries,
but I found cinnamon cake.
She can't eat.
I know.
But she said she
wanted to smell it, so...
You sent him
on a fool's errand?
I needed some time for us
to all get on the same page.
-What same page?
-Sit down, Owen.
We need
to talk to you.
What about?
About your sham
of a marriage.
♪♪
[ Retching ]
Oh, you got this, buddy.
You got this.
I'm so proud of you.
[ Coughs ]
[ Coughing ]
Dr. Shepherd, are you sure
that this surgery
is the right thing
for Beau?
No one's ever sure
of anything, DeLuca.
Stop trying to be sure.
It's a losing battle.
I-I just --
I feel like you're
adding pain to his pain...
for a surgery that
you're not sure about
on a tumor
that is benign.
Because his pain
is not benign.
You think it's a better
plan to send him home with
no hope and an oxy habit?
He will be a shell
of the kid he once was.
A ghost. An addict.
This pain will waste him.
I will not send that family home
with no hope.
Not when there's a chance
I can fix it.
♪♪
Been thinking
about your thing.
Don't want to.
Can't stop.
[ Gasps ] Can I call you
New Stephanie?
[ Chuckles ] Yeah.
Uh, okay.
Here's my heartfelt advice.
I hear what you're saying,
but I think Karev thought
DeLuca was hurting you.
And I get that you have some
kind of history with bad guys,
but I just don't think
you should feel like
Karev is
that kind of guy.
Uh. No. Oh, no.
You do not get to tell a woman
how she should feel
after she witnesses something
like what she witnessed
between Karev
and DeLuca.
You don't know what it's like
to be female
watching men
assert their authority
by throwing
lethal punches.
You don't get
an opinion on this.
You know...you're right.
You don't have to
listen to anyone on this
because you are a powerful woman
and you know your own mind.
-Thank you, Chief.
-Mm-hmm.
But Karev is a puppy dog.
And he wouldn't hurt a fly.
Unless he thought
that fly was hurting you.
♪♪
-That's not true!
-She's entirely absent.
She said hello to me that first
morning and then she left.
She wanted
to give us space.
That's literally
all she gives you.
And I'm not the only one
that sees it.
You seemed happy
at your wedding mostly,
although she was
awfully late.
Wait! She was late
to the wedding?
-She...panicked.
-And you married her anyway?
Teddy, could you please
explain that marriage
isn't as simple as my sister
would want it to be?
I'm with her, Owen.
You married a patient
because he needed
your medical insurance.
Because he would've
died without it.
-Sounds noble to me.
-It was.
Yeah, and then you
fell in love with him.
-You did?
-Because he was amazing.
Evelyn:
She's not here, Owen.
She's in this hospital.
I see her walking the halls.
But she's not here.
Your family is gathered.
Is she family or not?
I don't need her here.
And you don't see a problem
with that?
[ Scoffs ] Why is your wife
not the person you turn to
for comfort?
Okay! You said it!
Okay? All of you.
And I heard it.
Is that it?
No, that's not it!
Whatever happens
in your stupid marriage...
if I die...
I need you to promise me that
you'll take care of Farouk.
You'll do whatever
you have to do.
You'll move wherever
you have to move.
He is one half of my heart,
and you are the other half,
and I need to know
that you've got him.
-Damn it, Megan.
-What?
I was gonna storm out, and you
just made that really hard!
That was
the whole design!
[ Laughter ]
Ow. Ow. Don't me laugh.
[ Laughing ]
Hey, babe.
Hey.
[ Laughter ]
Are we laughing or crying?
Both.
[ Laughter ]
Well, sorry to be the one
to break up the party,
but I was hoping to get
a little time alone with Megan.
[ Beeping ]
Hey.
Arizona, hi! Come in.
Close the door.
So, um...do you have
a patient in there now?
No.
Just reviewing scans.
Wow!
Right?
Aren't they beautiful?
Yes. Gosh. Wow.
They're so colorful.
Mm-hmm.
And...you see here?
[ Mouse clicking ]
Here's where the
tension's building.
And here...
[ Mouse clicks ]
...a little more tension.
Uh-huh...uh...
And here...
[ Mouse clicks ]
we're building...
toward climax.
Uh-huh.
And here...we have...
...release.
[ Chuckles ] Uh-huh.
Mm-hmm.
The female brain
is a magical place.
[ Exhales sharply ]
[ Laughing ] Ow!
Oh, no!
Mm-hmm.
Do not get down
on that floor.
That is nasty. You do not
need to be down there.
Are you gonna let me
get through this?
Probably not!
Okay, I made a real mess
of this the first time.
So I'd appreciate it
if you'd shut up
and let me get
through it this time.
Okay, I'm sorry.
It's hurting my knees.
Megan Hunt...
[ Laughing, sobbing ]
I have loved you
since the day I met you.
I don't know how I got through
these last 10 years without you.
And now that you're back,
I don't want to spend
one more day without knowing
that you and I have actually --
We have a match, Megan.
Oh.
Whoa. Sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm...
No, no, no.
Don't -- Don't be sorry.
I need that flesh to be fresh
when you sew it on me.
We can do this
another time.
Are you ready?
-Are you?
-Absolutely.
Let's do this.
♪♪
Hey.
-How's Megan?
-She's gone to surgery.
Amelia, can we talk?
I just need a minute.
[ Sighs ] Amelia, I'm afraid
that something's wrong.
I mean, I know -- I know
you go to your AA meetings
and they seem to help,
but I think
you need something else.
Maybe -- Maybe therapy.
Maybe medication.
I think you still have PTSD
from your brother's death.
I don't know. I don't know
because I'm not a shrink.
But I know
the amazing person you are,
and no one in my life
sees that.
The people who love me
don't see that.
So when I look at you
through their eyes...
[ Sighs ]
...I think something's wrong
and I want to help.
Your sister
doesn't like me...
so I need therapy?
Your friend who is
clearly in love with you
does not like me,
so I need medication?
Your mom, who's with a man
half her age, doesn't like me,
so I need help?
Well, thank you
for the offer.
But I am about to go
perform a medical miracle,
so I kind of
need to focus.
Amelia, I-I...
Oh, and, um, if you want Teddy
as much as she wants you,
you can have her.
Really.
It's no skin off my back.
[ Monitors beeping ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Jo: The Sub-I with the
glasses -- he found the donor.
Sorry.
Meredith: If you want to
be a shark, be a shark.
Don't apologize for it.
[ Scrubbing ]
[ Chuckles ]
[ Hael's "Ready" plays ]
♪♪
♪ Ready, set, go ♪
♪ Gas to the fire ♪
Ten blade.
♪ Push a little farther ♪
♪ Jump a little higher,
fast, not slow ♪
♪ Watch me taking over ♪
♪ Running right beside you ♪
♪ Feel me moving closer ♪
♪ Ooh, I'm ready ♪
♪ Ooh, I'm ready now,
ready now, ready now ♪
♪ Ooh, uh-huh ♪
♪ I'm ready ♪
♪ I'm ready, I'm ready,
I'm ready right now ♪
♪ I'm, I'm ready, I'm ready ♪
♪ I'm ready right now,
paid my dues ♪
Prep the recipient
for the anastomosis.
♪ Standing in your shadow ♪
♪ Give me all the power ♪
Now, that's what it is.
You came here to find out what
your biological mother was like?
There it is.
♪ Don't let yourself
get jealous ♪
Right there.
♪ It will kill you
if you let it, yeah ♪
♪ Ooh, I'm ready ♪
Do you and Meredith
sit in galleries
and watch me
while I operate
and talk about how much
I'm like Ellis?
'Cause I'm kind of a hotshot
myself, if you haven't noticed.
Top of my class at Yale.
Youngest-ever head of cardio.
When I'm impressed
with you,
I don't immediately
credit Ellis.
♪ I'm ready, I'm ready ♪
I guess I like to take a little
of that credit for myself.
♪ Mmm-mmm ♪
But maybe
I shouldn't.
'Cause after that competitive
rant you just had?
Pure Ellis.
[ Laughs ]
♪ Ooh, I'm ready ♪
♪♪
I'm Stephanie.
[ Chuckles ] What?
Jo's been talking to me today,
confiding in me, and...
I think women keep
each other's secrets
no matter how much unnecessary
drama that may cause.
But I can't, so I'm just
gonna tell you that...
she's afraid of you.
What?
She thinks
you could hurt her.
Not emotionally.
She's afraid that you could
hurt her like you hurt DeLuca.
♪♪
Amelia: Look at that.
You see the mastoid?
It's been completely
destroyed by the tumor.
And the nerve compression.
The pain must've been --
Unbearable.
Okay, DeLuca, I'm gonna need you
to do me a favor.
♪ I'm ready,
I'm ready, I'm ready ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, I'm ready ♪
Bailey: Well, hot damn.
Would you look at that?
That is a perfect fit.
♪ I'm ready, ooh ♪
[ Applause ]
♪ I'm ready, I'm ready,
I'm ready right now ♪
♪ Ready, ready, ready, ready ♪
DeLuca: Dr. Avery? Dr. Shepherd
needs you in O.R. two.
Little busy here, DeLuca.
Uh, yeah, but...
she's got Beau Martinez
on the table.
-And h-his jaw is...
-You've got to be kidding me!
[ Monitor beeping ]
I can't believe you
called me out of a surgery
because you started something
you don't know how to finish.
Well, you said you wouldn't
take his jaw apart.
That's right!
So I took it apart.
I just need you to put it
back together again.
It's a little like LEGOS,
which I was never any good at.
I can't make
this piece fit.
♪♪
♪ When you get knocked down
and you've had enough ♪
[ Chuckles ]
♪ Oh, I'll be there
to dust you off ♪
♪ When you don't know
what you're gonna do ♪
My arms are a little weak.
Can you...?
Yeah.
♪ I will look after you ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
[ Exhales sharply ]
You ready?
♪♪
♪ And if you ever
should lose heart ♪
[ Chuckles ]
Oh...wow.
♪♪
Can you give us
a minute?
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Am I alive?
You are.
-Dad?
-I'm right here, son.
It's not hurting.
[ Laughing ]
It doesn't hurt.
[ Laughs ]
That's great.
That's great. Great.
Wow.
That was incredible.
Right? That smile?
That is why we do what we do.
Nope. That was not bravery
or victory.
That was stupidity.
And you got lucky.
You just can't be wrong,
can you?
DeLuca, why don't we look at
this as a teaching moment, huh?
You saw how she handled that.
You realize how lucky she is
that I'm as good
as I am,
how lucky she is that I didn't
report her to the medical board.
Because this is exactly
the kind of thing
that would prompt them
to reevaluate
her license
to practice medicine.
Do you understand me?
-Yes, sir.
-Good.
You keep it up, and your luck
is gonna run out.
[ Chuckles ]
You should've seen
what Shepherd tried --
Shh.
I just got her down.
[ Sighs ]
So, we gonna talk about
what you said to Maggie or what?
Why?
Why would we do that?
We never talk about
anything that matters.
April, come on.
What -- What is this?
Montana.
We never talked about
what happened in Montana.
Would you like to?
I didn't realize we needed to.
Look, Jackson, I get
that you're really good
at compartmentalizing.
You know, like, I'm your friend,
I'm your person,
I'm Harriet's mom,
and sometimes we have sex
and that's totally okay
with you.
I get it.
It's just that you are
a lot better at it than I am.
Montana actually
caused me pain.
Yeah, I thought I was...
I thought I was good.
I thought it was fine.
But then I spent weeks
wondering what it was.
And if it was nothing,
then it's just,
like, casual sex.
Which, to me is...
[ Sighs ]
I -- [ Sighs ]
It causes me pain,
the way that we're doing this.
♪♪
And I -- I don't -- I think
I probably have to move out.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
-I can't believe it.
-What?
Megan.
And what Grey did.
I mean, that surgery is
gonna put her on the map.
Did you talk to Amelia?
Yeah.
Didn't go real well.
I'm sorry.
You know she hasn't stayed
at home in months?
A lot of months.
She doesn't touch me.
We don't...
She doesn't want
to be married to me.
She said...
What?
W-What did she say?
[ Breathing heavily ]
Owen.
You -- You're married.
And you...are conflicted.
And you --
You are my favorite human
on the planet.
And if we are meant to be more
in this lifetime,
it can't start with you cheating
on -- on -- on -- on your wife.
She doesn't care.
But I care!
And you care!
And I know you, Owen.
I know your guilt.
I know your shame.
And I know what
it'll do to you, so...
Let me stay your
favorite person for now
and you stay mine, okay?
Okay.
I am s--
I am so sorry. I --
No, no, no.
No. No. No.
No. We are okay.
We are okay.
Dr. DeLuca, you still
looking for volunteers?
Always.
Because I am in the mood
to celebrate.
Okay.
Ooh! Toys!
Purple, I think.
Nope -- hot pink.
[ Chuckles ] You're really
getting rid of all of them, huh?
I don't even want
to look at them.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Y-Y-You --
What about these?
Y-You getting rid of these, too?
These are the
least comfortable pair.
Only if you try
to stand up in them.
Ooh. [ Laughs ]
[ Laughs ]
You're so...
Come here.
What? What?
Sit down.
These are my shoes.
[ Laughs ]
Hey. Ciao.
[ Both speaking Italian ]
Did you have to come
to the hospital I work at
to have women...
masturbate in the MRI?
You don't think that's
the tiniest bit inappropriate?
No. [ Speaking Italian ]
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Who -- Who is that?
In the MRI. You said
it was a friend of mine?
Meredith: As surgeons,
we try to eliminate pain.
As humans, we just try
like hell to avoid it.
[ Door closes ]
You have a minute?
Did you come
to laugh at me again?
No.
[ Sighs ]
You know,
I-I found your husband.
♪ Ooh-ahh ♪
What?
I hired a guy.
I-I found his name.
I looked him up. And...
And then I went
and found him.
Oh, my God, Alex.
Look. [ Sighs ]
You didn't ask me
to do that,
and you -- you didn't give me
permission to do that,
and it was wrong,
and I-I'm sorry.
And, Jo,
I-I swear to God,
I could never,
ever hurt you.
My dad,
he -- he was like your ex.
I'm not like that, all right?
I'm not like my dad.
I mean, I do --
I do things that are wrong.
I do things
that are stupid.
But...I swear to you...
I would never hurt you.
♪ You're the man I go to ♪
♪ You're the man
I row to, ooh ♪
You saw Paul?
Yeah.
♪ You're the man I go ♪
-And you didn't kill him?
-No.
I mean,
I thought about it.
But I-I-I...
came home instead.
♪♪
Okay.
♪ Oh, out in the cold ♪
♪ Under the mud ♪
♪ Savior, rein me in ♪
♪ Don't mind my mad behavior ♪
♪ Ooooh ♪
♪ Out in the cold ♪
♪ Savior, rein me in ♪
When we can't avoid pain,
we try to understand it...
Hey.
How's everything
with Megan?
Yeah, she's...
She's perfect. Thank you.
You, um -- You were incredible.
So what are you doing
out here?
Well, um...
♪♪
She doesn't want
to be with me.
She, uh...
She thinks I'm still
in love with you.
♪ Oh, out in the cold ♪
♪ Under the mud ♪
Meredith!
Hey, look.
Can we talk?!
...with pithy little quotes
that we can
wrap our heads around...
All right!
Let's see my brain on...
Whoa! That is
a beautiful tumor.
...like "Suffering
is optional"...
Whose brain is that?
...or "Time heals
all wounds"...
and my personal favorite,
"Every pain has a purpose."
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooooh ♪
God, I hope that one's true.
♪♪